Add Kuzu database integration to Unity Catalog docs (#926)
unitycatalog/unitycatalog: docs/integrations/unity-catalog-kuzu.md

If you want to refer to Delta tables without aliasing, e.g., referring to `unity.numbers` simply as `numbers`, you can also use the `USE` command to set a default namespace.

Consider the same attached Unity Catalog as above:

```sql
ATTACH 'unity' AS unity (dbtype UC_CATALOG);
```

Instead of defining the catalog name via `unity.numbers` for each subsequent clause, you can do:

```sql
USE unity;
LOAD FROM numbers
RETURN *
```

#### 5. Copy data from a Delta table

The main purpose of the Unity Catalog extension is to facilitate seamless data transfer from tables in Unity Catalog to Kuzu.
In this example, we continue using the `unity` database, but this time,
we copy the data and persist it to Kuzu database. This is done with the `COPY FROM` statement. Here is an example:

We first create a `numbers` table in Kuzu. In this example we will make `numbers` have the same schema as the one defined in the Unity Catalog.

```sql
CREATE NODE TABLE numbers (id INT32, score DOUBLE , PRIMARY KEY(id));
```

When the schemas are the same, we can copy the data from the external Unity Catalog table to the Kuzu table simply as follows.

```sql
COPY numbers FROM unity.numbers;
```

> If the schemas are not the same, e.g., `numbers` contains only `score` property while the Unity Catalog table `unity.numbers` contains

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may only want to fill the `score` column of the numbers table from the `as_double` colum of unity.number. The following example shows how to copy a subset of columns of a table from a subquery.
```sql
COPY numbers(score) FROM (LOAD FROM unity.score RETURN as_double);
```

If the schemas are not the same, e.g., `numbers` contains only `score` property while the Unity Catalog table `unity.numbers` contains
```

If you want to refer to Delta tables without aliasing, e.g., referring to `unity.numbers` simply as `numbers`, you can also use the `USE` command to set a default namespace.

Consider the same attached Unity Catalog as above:

```sql
ATTACH 'unity' AS unity (dbtype UC_CATALOG);
```

Instead of defining the catalog name via `unity.numbers` for each subsequent clause, you can do:

```sql
USE unity;
LOAD FROM numbers
RETURN *
```

#### 5. Copy data from a Delta table

The main purpose of the Unity Catalog extension is to facilitate seamless data transfer from tables in Unity Catalog to Kuzu.
In this example, we continue using the `unity` database, but this time,
we copy the data and persist it to Kuzu database. This is done with the `COPY FROM` statement. Here is an example:

We first create a `numbers` table in Kuzu. In this example we will make `numbers` have the same schema as the one defined in the Unity Catalog.

```sql
CREATE NODE TABLE numbers (id INT32, score DOUBLE , PRIMARY KEY(id));
```

When the schemas are the same, we can copy the data from the external Unity Catalog table to the Kuzu table simply as follows.

```sql
COPY numbers FROM unity.numbers;
```

> In some cases, you may only want to fill the `score` column of the numbers table from the `as_double` colum of unity.number. The following example shows how to copy a subset of columns of a table from a subquery.

Author: ```suggestion
In some cases, you may want to copy data into a subset of the properties in the Kuzu table. The following example shows how to copy a `unity.score` Delta table into the `score` property of the `numbers(id, score)` node table in Kuzu (setting the IDs values to their default null).
```
